fix: Support `chmod` on `/var/log/mail/*` when dir is empty (#4391)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

> **Note**: Changes and additions listed here are contained in the `:edge` image tag. These changes may not be as stable as released changes.

> ### Updates
> 
> **Internal:**
>   - Improved permission updating command to prevent errors when no logs are present ([#4391](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4391))

Reviewer: Revised the changelog entry and added another one that was merged without the log since this probably warrants pushing a patch release.

```suggestion
### Fixes

- **Postfix:**
  - `setup email restrict` generated configs now only prepend to `dms_smtpd_sender_restrictions` ([#4379](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4379))
- **Internal:**
  - A permissions fix for `/var/log/mail` that was [added in DMS v15]((https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4374)) no longer encounters an error when no log files are present during a container restart, such as with a `tmpfs` volume mount ([#4391](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4391))
```
